I know that it's time to play star quiz
televisions newest game featuring the
country's top stars the way you wanna
see them
as welcome to our special New Year's Eve
edition our star queers televisions
newest game which features the country's
top stars and completely humiliates them
special New Year's Eve guest star is a
man known to millions and loved by
millions a warm humble an extremely
talented person who tonight is going to
get his on stark wares
hi Bernie and welcome to the show lover
to see you love to see your lover to be
here you get the same money to
professional it's really great to have
you here nice to be a son only up the
sun's coming up you may have the gags
Bernie but we've got the guns as you can
see folks Bernie is sitting comfortably
under the guns tube ready to play star
quiz our guns tube is full of all the
muck and slime left over from 1980 what
we like to call our gala guns can Bernie
save his skin before the clock strikes
12:00 will a slipper fit or will he turn
into a gun gee pumpkin you can see the
last minutes of 1980 ticking away now at
the bottom of your screen
all Bernie has to do to beat the guns is
to answer three simple questions and
guess the secret word and for you at
home
tonight's secret word is and the secret
word is rampart rem-pod okay Bernhard
the folks at home have got the secret
word and here's your first question
a British prime minister on a famous
occasion said you've never had it so
good
how many furlongs in a mile eight
110 points second question before
becoming president Ronald Reagan was the
governor of a large West Coast state
what does the be in JB Priestley stand
for pointen looks like you're gonna beat
the guns Bernie but we're still working
against the clock here's your final
question yes what is the necessary to
win he never said the secret